Add JWT authenticator changelog (#2259)
cyberark/conjur: CHANGELOG.md

- Added `conjurctl configuration apply` command restart the Conjur process and
  pick up changes to the configuration file.
  [cyberark/conjur#2171](https://github.com/cyberark/conjur/issues/2171)

> - JWT authenticator (`authn-jwt`) supports authenticating third-party vendors which utilize JWT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The JWT Authenticator (`authn-jwt`) supports authenticating third-party vendors that utilize JWT.
```
